Changes in Deployment steps for GA (#8733)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/threat-protection/microsoft-defender-atp/ios-configure-features.md

> [!NOTE]
> Defender for Endpoint for iOS would use a VPN in order to provide the Web Protection feature. This is not a regular VPN and is a local/self-looping VPN that does not take traffic outside the device.

## Configure compliance policy against jailbroken devices

> To protect corporate data from being accessed on jailbroken iOS devices, we recommend that you setup the following compliance policy on Intune.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To protect corporate data from being accessed on jailbroken iOS devices, we recommend that you set up the following compliance policy on Intune.
```

## Web Protection

By default, Defender for Endpoint for iOS includes and enables the web protection feature. [Web protection](web-protection-overview.md) helps to secure devices against web threats and protect users from phishing attacks.

## Report unsafe site

> Phishing websites impersonate trustworthy websites for the purpose of obtaining your personal or financial information. Visit [report unsafe site](https://www.microsoft.com/wdsi/filesubmission/exploitguard/networkprotection) if you want to report a website that could be phish.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Phishing websites impersonate trustworthy websites for the purpose of obtaining your personal or financial information. Visit the [report unsafe site](https://www.microsoft.com/wdsi/filesubmission/exploitguard/networkprotection) page if you want to report a website that could be a phishing site.
```

> Phishing websites impersonate trustworthy websites for the purpose of obtaining your personal or financial information. Visit the [report unsafe site](https://www.microsoft.com/wdsi/filesubmission/exploitguard/networkprotection) page if you want to report a website that could be a phishing site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Phishing websites impersonate trustworthy websites for the purpose of obtaining your personal or financial information. Visit the [Provide feedback about network protection](https://www.microsoft.com/wdsi/filesubmission/exploitguard/networkprotection) page if you want to report a website that could be a phishing site.
```
